
Antonio Carraro S.p.A
Company
 
Sustainability
 
Products
 
Dealers
 
Service
 
Contact us
Eshop

Eng
Eng
Features
TECHNICAL DATADealer
TGF 7800 S
Power
70 HP
Engine
YANMAR - 4 Cilindri / 16 Valvole - 3319 CC Stage 5 and EPA TIER 4
Transmission
16+16 w/ synchronized reverser
Weight (KG)
2090-2310 (rollbar) - 2200-2420 (cab)
Capacity (KG)
2300
TGF 7800 S/ 9900* - Low profile orchard tractor with different size wheels
Available with two propulsion units, the 71 hp 7800 S and the 85 hp 9900, this is an extremely compact steering tractors with low center of gravity and different-size wheels, designed for operating in situations where maneuvering space is limited.
It is the perfect tractor for vineyards and orchards and narrow crop rows in general, also on steep slopes, and for work in restricted height situations such as under high-trained vines, low tree canopies and in greenhouses.
The large rear wheels (choice of 20" or 24") improve traction and grip, while the smaller front wheels allow a tight turning radius and precise steering. With a hood height of just 112.5 cm, stability and safety is guaranteed on slopes and over rough terrain.

Thanks to the integral ACTIO™ oscillating frame, the ground clearance is optimal, notwithstanding the low center of gravity. The streamlined design allows the tractor to slip easily through orchards and vineyards without damaging the foliage.

With a 16+16 transmission and 540/540e/synchronized power take-off, it offers maximum reliability and professional performance in a compact, agile and versatile tractor.

The TGF is frequently used in almond and olive harvesting using shakers or with grubbers in open field applications.

Hydraulic vertical tie-rod and thirdpoint are available as optional on the 9900 version. 
 
Despite being extremely compact, the TGF offers the same operator space and comfort as a conventional tractor.
There is a choice of two cabs: Starlight, the air conditioned cab with the tapered profile, or the super low Protector, which, in turn, is available in two versions: the basic Protector S and the more accessorized Protector 100, the first compact cab certified to Category 4* pressurization, the highest level of operator protection from airborne toxins during crop spraying operations.

* For 9900 models, check your local dealership for availability
Plus
Antonio Carraro | Plus | ACTIO
ACTIO™
Antonio Carraro | steering tractors
Steering wheels
Antonio Carraro | Comfort | Driver's seat
Comfort
Antonio Carraro | Plus | Electronic Speed Control
ESC - Electronic Speed Control
Antonio Carraro | Options | Seat with pneumatic suspension
Pneumatic seat
Antonio Carraro | Warranty | Extension 3 4 years
EXG Extended Warranty

Steering column
Antonio Carraro | Front Protection | Bullbar
Bullbar
Antonio Carraro | Plus | Vertical tie-rod and hydraulic thirdpoint
Vertical tie-rod and hydraulic thirdpoint
Antonio Carraro | Options | Froltlift
Front lift
Antonio Carraro | Optional | Air conditioner
Air conditioner
Cabs
Protector S TGF Cab
SUPER LOW PROFILE CAB

Protector S is a super-low-profile, pressurized cab, designed with main regard to the operator's safety and health. It is ideal in cultivations demanding a very low cab, with its only 174-cm height 

The driver is totally safe on difficult grounds, sloping rows or crops. Moreover, its pressurization grants total insulation from the outside environment during the handling of plant protection products. 

Protector S is compact, but with a cozy, obstacle-free access. 

The glass doors, the rear windscreen and the front portholes ensure all-round visibility.

The “butterfly” profile steel frame with continuous radius of curvature makes for a racy profile with no projecting elements.

The pull-handle doors can be opened with the touch of a finger.
Protector 100 TGF Cab
PRESSURIZED SUPER LOW PROFILE
CAT. 4-certified Pressurization
 
With its only 174 cm-height, Protector 100 is a low pressurized cab which unites comfort and visibility along with the best existing protection level: up to now it is the only compact, cat-4 certified pressurized cab in the market. The cat. 4 pressurization ensures the best insulation from plant protection products ever achieved in the low profile cabs. 

The “butterfly” profile steel frame with continuous radius of curvature makes for a racy profile with no projecting elements.

The cab's hermetic sealing and the pressurization are monitored by the AirControl device on the driving control panel. The environment remains thus healthy and safe during the handling of chemicals. Thanks ti the active carbon filter, inside Protector the operator breathes perfectly clean air.

The rear window looking onto the equipment guarantees great rear visibility, which altogether with the control ergonomics and the two wheel-inspection windows give 360° control with maximum comfort.
StarLight TGF Cab
CLOSED CAB

StarLight is the Antonio Carraro closed cab assembled on Silent Block anti-vibrating device. It is equipped with front/rear windscreens, total-glass doors, double sunroof with sunscreens and portholes with view on wheels and devices, thanks to which it offers on-board brightness and total visibility.
The smooth design is functional to its performance through side-sloping rows or underfoliage. StarLight's compactness allows agility in the most narrow spaces with neither fruit nor flowers damage.
The soundproof clothing of the driver's station grants acoustic comfort.
The main controls are in ergonomical position.
The ventilation system  features a rapid front windscreen defogging system. he incoming air is cleaned by a large filter, with an available activated carbon filter. The air-conditioning is achieved by a powerful system running on ecological coolant, which also refreshes the cabin air using a low rev motor. The heating system utilizes a powerful heat exchanger which is most exceptional even in the coldest weather. The roof can be opened to lift the electric fans for quick maintenance intervention. StarLight offers also two rear and two front lights – all adjustable. Two adjustable rearview mirrors, foldable plate holder, glovebox, electrical setup and speakers for stereo system, are other details of the onboard comfort of Starlight. As every Antonio Carraro cab, Starlight is certified as anti-capsizing device.
Vineyard and orchard tractor
use
This is the ideal tractor for nimble, precise manoeuvring among vines or fruit trees, in narrow rows and under low canopies. TGF is the best solution for working in densely planted orchards, high-trained vineyards, in greenhouses and on hillsides, even across steep inclines.
The pressurised Protector cab, available as standard in the Category 1 or in the optional Category 4 version, affords the best protection to the operator during crop spraying applications.
The TGF is frequently used in almond and olive harvesting using shakers, with grubbers in open field applications, in row crops and in greenhouses.

Video Ergit 100
MADE IN ITALY
THE ERGIT 100 SERIES VIDEO
WATCH THE MOVIE
GUARANTEE
Find dealer
Insert your data and find the closest Antonio Carraro dealer.
City / Post code

U.K.
U.K.
Subscribe our newsletter
Keep up-to-date with the Tractor People world: products, events, promotions, gadgets and fresh news. Subscribe here.
Email
I have read and understood the Privacy Policy.
ANTONIO CARRARO SPA
Via Caltana, 24 -35011
Campodarsego (Padova) Italia
L 45.501772, L 11.908810
info@antoniocarraro.it
    
Home
About Us
History
CERTIFICATION
Model 231 & Whistleblowing
Code of Ethics
Factory visit
Products
Contact us
After-sales service
EXG MAXIMUM PROTECTION
PRIVATE AREA
RMI
Extended Guarantee
News
Press
Media
Privacy
COOKIE POLICY
Copyright © all rights reserved to Antonio Carraro 1/1/20130 - Tel. +39 049 9219921 - P.IVA 00186830287 - Credits
