
Antonio Carraro S.p.A
Company
 
Sustainability
 
Products
 
Dealers
 
Service
 
Contact us
Eshop

U.S.A.
U.S.A.
Features
TECHNICAL DATABROCHUREDealer
SRX Ergit R
The new version of the Antonio Carraro isodiametric articulated reversible tractor, the result of years expertise in the segment of articulated tractors.

New tractor, new engine, new experience.

SRX Ergit R is the brand-new articulated, Tier 4 Final Kubota-powered Antonio Carraro tractor. With a new joystick, a new dashboard, enhanced ergonomics and the super AIR Cabin – class 4 pressurization, FOPS & ROPS certification – it inherits the fierce Antonio Carraro tradition in the articulated reversible tractors, yet adding innovative elements for a unique driving experience.
DISCOVER THE NEW BROCHURE
Plus
AC Full Chassis with Oscillation
ACTIO™

RGS™

Articulated chassis
The Damping system
DAMPING

ESC (ERGIT R)ESC / CRUISE CONTROL (ERGIT R)

GRAMMER seat

EXG Extended Warranty

Bullbar
Antonio Carraro AIR cat 4 pressurized ROPS FOPS cab
AIR cab

Front Ballast

Joystick JPM™
Cabs
REDCAB CAB
The cab is soundproofed and fitted with an air conditioning system.  It offers the operator onboard 360° all round vision particularly over the equipment and the terrain around the tractor even when reversing and working between narrow rows. Two types: for the steering reversible with 6 uprights and for the articulated reversible with just 4 uprights.  In this case the operator’s vision in all directions is enhanced thus optimising vision over equipment whilst working in a reverse drive direction even when working between very narrow-rowed crops. The electrical system has LED* lighting to guarantee visibility during night-time and in dark places, thus guaranteeing safety and quality of work.  The compact cab is internally comfortable.  Its streamlined profile and conical shape are designed to ease the tractor’s disengagement from narrow-rowed crops as well as on lateral slopes as its height is also contained.
On request, the new specialized Tora can come with a joystick and a mechanical draft and position control lift, as well as the REDCab, which is soundproofed, fitted with an air-conditioning system and is enhanced with many high level optional extras. The wide windscreen guarantees the operator excellent visibility in all directions, privileging visibility over the equipment and the space around the tractor, which can be appreciated above all in reverse drive when operating amongst very narrow-rowed crops. The LED work headlights also guarantee the right illumination at night and in dark places. The RedCab has a streamlined design and a conical shape to assist the tractor’s disengagement amongst rowed crops, even on lateral slopes. In the articulated version of the REDCab has 4 uprights and full glass doors and a wider opening. Access aboard the tractor and rear visibility are the main strong points of this solution.
Antonio Carraro, tractors: SRX 10900 R, isodiametric articulated reversible

NEW TRACTOR…
 
ACTIO –Antonio Carraro oscillating chassis: Ideal weight distribution, stability in slopes, Full adaptability to the soil, wide ground clearance;

ENGINE – 4 cyl 16V Kubota 3769 cc Tier 4 Final 75hp: Larger oil sump, low noise levels, low consumption, low vibration, efficiency with little heat production, low emissions.

TRANSMISSION - Max speed up to 25 mph, disengageable 4WD, optimized hydraulic circuit (oil only when required; more efficient, more comfortable, more silent, more economic).
Silent PTO optimized for working above 100 hp;
New optional working range: optimizes the engine torque when a low PTO regime is required.


…NEW EXPERIENCE.
 
COMFORT

AIR Cab – The only class-4-pressurized, FOPS available on a reversible articulated tractor.
  - FOPS (falling objects protection) & ROPS (rollover protection) certification;
  - Costant Class 4 pressurization;
  - Acoustic and thermal insulation;
  - LED lighting (8 lights);
  - New silent block – More driving space, Perceived sound level inferior to 80dba*.

Damping standard – Pitch and swing damping system, active when the hydraulic lift is up. Available with standard hydraulic system and draft and position control.

Joystick – new ergonomics, more room for the feet.

Cruise control – standard (double speed memory).

*inside the cab
Antonio Carraro SRX 10900 R - Agility & Design
 
AGILITY
With its 41,73 in. minimum width, SRX 7900 R is designed to work in vineyards and orchards with a minimum steering radius and the lowest possible compaction.
The weight distribution, optimized for attached devices, reduces the soil sinking within the rows and avoids root damage.
The reducers setup allows a good level of ground clearance despite the low profile, even with wide tyres.
 
DESIGN

Tier 4 Final engines – because of the addition of DPA filters for reducing emissions – are bulkier; Nevertheless, both rollbar and cab versions of SRX 7900 R maintain the same dimensions and visibility of its predecessors.
SRX 7900 R offers top visibility, ergonomics, beauty and functionality thanks also to the curved-glass windscreen, doors and rear window.
 
 
ASK A QUOTATION
 
 

Antonio Carraro, the world's most beautiful tractor
WATCH THE MOVIE

Find dealer
Insert your data and find the closest Antonio Carraro dealer.
City / Post code

U.S.A.
U.S.A.
Subscribe our newsletter
Keep up-to-date with the Tractor People world: products, events, promotions, gadgets and fresh news. Subscribe here.
Email
Je déclare avoir lu et compris la politique de confidentialité.
ANTONIO CARRARO SPA
Via Caltana, 24 -35011
Campodarsego (Padova) Italia
L 45.501772, L 11.908810
info@antoniocarraro.it
    
Home
History
CERTIFICATION
Model 231 & Whistleblowing
Code of Ethics
Products
Contact us
After-sales service
EXG MAXIMUM PROTECTION
PRIVATE AREA
RMI
Extended Guarantee
News
Press
Media
COOKIE POLICY
PRIVACY
Copyright © all rights reserved to Antonio Carraro 1/1/2030 - Tel. +39 049 9219921 - P.IVA 00186830287 - Credits
