
Antonio Carraro S.p.A
Company
 
Sustainability
 
Products
 
Dealers
 
Service
 
Contact us
Eshop

Eng
Eng
Features
TECHNICAL DATABROCHUREDealer

TRX 5800
Power
51,5
Engine
5800 | YANMAR - Direct injection diesel common rail Turbo 4 Cylinders - 16 Valves - 2091 CC Stage 5 - Power 37.9 kW / 51.5 hp - 2600 rpm
Transmission
S90: 32 speed synchronised gearbox: 16 FWD + 16 REV with synchronised shuttle
Weight (KG)
With roll bar (Kg): 1800 to 2015 With RedCab (Kg): 1950 to 2165
Capacity (KG)
2190
TRX 5800
The TORA series was conceived as a range of medium-power tractors for professionals characterized by upgraded hydraulics, mechanical equipment and operator comfort. The underlying principle is that fuel consumption and running costs must be taken into account in all agricultural applications, and that the power delivered by the tractor should always be commensurate with the task to be performed, thereby ensuring maximum efficiency with minimum wastage of time and effort.
Plus

BULLBAR | Tora Series | ANTONIO CARRARO
Antonio Carraro | Plus | ACTIO
ACTIO™

NENEW patented Rev-Guide System™
Antonio Carraro | steering tractors
Steering wheels
Cabs
REDCAB CAB
The cab is soundproofed and fitted with an air conditioning system.  It offers the operator onboard 360° all round vision particularly over the equipment and the terrain around the tractor even when reversing and working between narrow rows. Two types: for the steering reversible with 6 uprights and for the articulated reversible with just 4 uprights.  In this case the operator’s vision in all directions is enhanced thus optimising vision over equipment whilst working in a reverse drive direction even when working between very narrow-rowed crops. The electrical system has LED* lighting to guarantee visibility during night-time and in dark places, thus guaranteeing safety and quality of work.  The compact cab is internally comfortable.  Its streamlined profile and conical shape are designed to ease the tractor’s disengagement fro

On request, the new specialized Tora can come with a joystick and a mechanical draft and position control lift, as well as the REDCab, which is soundproofed, fitted with an air-conditioning system and is enhanced with many high level optional extras. The wide windscreen guarantees the operator excellent visibility in all directions, privileging visibility over the equipment and the space around the tractor, which can be appreciated above all in reverse drive when operating amongst very narrow-rowed crops. The LED work headlights also guarantee the right illumination at night and in dark places. The RedCab has a streamlined design and a conical shape to assist the tractor’s disengagement amongst rowed crops, even on lateral slopes. In the articulated version of the REDCab has 4 uprights and full glass doors and a wider opening. Access aboard the tractor and rear visibility are the main strong points of this solution.
GUARANTEE
Find dealer
Insert your data and find the closest Antonio Carraro dealer.
City / Post code

U.K.
U.K.
Subscribe our newsletter
Keep up-to-date with the Tractor People world: products, events, promotions, gadgets and fresh news. Subscribe here.
Email
I have read and understood the Privacy Policy.
ANTONIO CARRARO SPA
Via Caltana, 24 -35011
Campodarsego (Padova) Italia
L 45.501772, L 11.908810
info@antoniocarraro.it
    
Home
About Us
History
CERTIFICATION
Model 231 & Whistleblowing
Code of Ethics
Factory visit
Products
Contact us
After-sales service
EXG MAXIMUM PROTECTION
PRIVATE AREA
RMI
Extended Guarantee
News
Press
Media
Privacy
COOKIE POLICY
Copyright © all rights reserved to Antonio Carraro 1/1/20130 - Tel. +39 049 9219921 - P.IVA 00186830287 - Credits
