A Series the range of specialized tractors is widening
The new A Series, with 6 models and 48 basic versions, widens Antonio Carraro’s range of specialized tractors.
Reliability and quality are always at the heart of Antonio Carraro’s product offering, and feature in this new range with a design delivering optimal solutions for intended applications. A robust combination, for operators that work in sectors which are often challenging and with increasingly sophisticated equipment, that call for power, hydraulic capacity, excellent handling and comfort.
Powerful yet compact models, designed to reduce the hood height, for easier work under low-hanging branches or between rows.
READ THE BROCHURE
Versatility and performance
› The AF-N and AF-L models stand out for their versatile use.
› Besides their use in orchards, these models have been designed for light utility work, in open fields, or under low-hanging branches. That’s why the AF-N and AF-L models are available with a front, tiltable roll bar, or cab.
› Both models are highly configurable - which is one of the stand-out features - offering customers the chance to configure products to their needs.
› The models are available with configurations that make them compact and suitable for working under low-hanging branches, with a roll bar and 24" or 28” wheels, or for working between rows or in the open field, with the cab and 24" or 28” version. The bigger, anti-compaction tyres make these models suitable for use in walnut groves, with two “for walnut tree” wheel configurations.
› The AF-L model differs from the AF-N model for its specific axles and 3-point hitch, typical of light utility tractors, guaranteeing a greater load capacity. In particular, the wider axle and lower centre of gravity make this model particularly effective for work on sloping terrain, thanks to its stability.

FPT F28 engine
Specialist agricultural operators want an ever-better performance which takes into account size constraints. So engines must rise to the challenge of delivering the best performance while guaranteeing compact layouts.

An integrated Egr and smaller Liner Bridge have made it possible to create an extremely compact product. The post-working system, with dimensions reduced to the minimum, guarantees a modular installation, with a single packaging for Stage V.

The FPT F28 engine combines performance with size. The F28 STAGE V is a unique solution, featuring a system that is 5% smaller on average than competitors, to meet demand for high-performance applications.

This new engine has also been chosen for its focus on sustainability, thanks to an optimised combustion efficiency.
Axles

Besides a traditional axle, the cab version of the AF-N model has a suspended IFAS axle, while the AF-L model also comes with an optional wider, 1640 mm axle.

The suspended axle works in three ways using a push button control in the cab:
› automatic: axle suspension is operated autonomously;
› manual: the suspension is not activated, but the operator can use an electro-hydraulic control to set and manually adjust the height by +/- 40 mm.
This function is extremely useful for assembling equipment;
› locked: the suspension is locked, in the lowest position, but still free to move around the pin. This option is useful above all for precision work.