
Antonio Carraro S.p.A
Company
 
Sustainability
 
Products
 
Dealers
 
Service
 
Contact us
Eshop

Eng
Eng
FeaturesVideoTECHNICAL DATATECHNICAL DATADealer
TIGRE 3800
Power
25.7 HP
Engine
YANMAR - 3 Cylindres / 1331 CC STAGE V
Transmission
8+4
Weight (KG)
1050
Capacity (KG)
850
Tigre 3800 - Isodiametric steering tractor
LITTLE BIG TRACTOR

The family grows with a new model, the Tigre 3800, an evolution of its elder brother the Tigre 4000. Same operative comfort, same characteristics and torque, with a 25.7 hp engine.  All in accordance with Stage V emission legislation.

Small in size only, the Tigre 3800 is a compact tractor (25,7 hp Yanmar engine / STAGE V) with isodiametric wheels. Its features and technologies derived from the top-of-the-range Antonio Carraro tractors.
An all-rounder for small-scale farmers, flower growers, grounds care operators and serious gardeners; designed for use in smallholdings, vegetable plots, greenhouses, but also parks, gardens, sports grounds and public spaces.
The four driving wheels and ACTIO™ frame contribute to comfort and safety and enable the tractor to operate in extremely rough terrain (ground clearance of 275 mm) ensuring constant traction and grip. This compact utility tractor's maneuverability is enhanced by a turning radius of just 2870 mm, among the smallest in its class.
The hood opens vertically to give quick and easy access to the engine. The front fender, which acts also as ballast and a sump guard, is equipped with an integral tow hook.
The PTO is synchronized with all the gearbox speeds; the lift has 3-point linkage with adjustable lift rods and a lifting capacity of 850 kg.

Notwithstanding its compact size, the Tigre 3800 offers a roomy, ergonomic and comfortable driving position. 
.
The Tigre “family” was developed with the aim of equalling the quality and structural standards of AC top-of-the-range tractors, though on a reduced scale. Tigre 3800, Tigre 3800F are compact tractors designed for the semi-professional needs of farmers, greenhouse operators, nursery gardeners, ground care operators and evolved hobby farmers.
Plus
Antonio Carraro | Plus | ACTIO
ACTIO™
Antonio Carraro | steering tractors
Steering wheels
Antonio Carraro | Comfort | Driver's seat
Comfort
Antonio Carraro | Mechanical Transmission 8+4 Tigre
Transmission - 8+4

Bodywork
The tapered and streamlined design of the bodywork offers the operator immediate front visibility. Solid and enfolding, it has no projections or edges of any kind, even the exhaust pipe is fully integrated. This singular compactness and simplicity of its lines makes it easy to handle in the tightest of spaces. Its ground clearance, a good 275 mm, allows it to be used on all types of terrain.

The front bumper, made from a single cast element, acts as front ballast as well as a sump guard surrounding the engine and assures maximum operating safety. A sturdy tow hook is integrated into the bumper.

The steel mesh front and sides of the hood assure excellent heat exchange even in tropical temperatures.

The painstaking engineering of the elements in the engine housing allow for practical and immediate inspections, assisted by the front opening of the hood with a central supporting piston.

COMFORT
Dashboard - The elegant, technological and backlit analogue/ digital dashboard, a multi-purpose on-board instrument featuring a modern design, is integrated into the dashboard panel and protected by an anti-glare dome. The instrument constantly controls of all functions with highvisibility LED signalling even in direct sunlight.

Seat - Fitted with safety belts and height and comfort adjustments, it is also available with pneumatic suspension on request.

Steering - The sensitive and precise hydrodrive power-assisted steering assures excellent manoeuvrability and maximum comfort. The Load Sensing (T4400F) system guarantees safety and efficiency in all conditions and optimises hydraulic flow at all times. The minimum steering radius reduces the number of manoeuvres and, consequently, work time.

Control levers - All the controls are ergonomically positioned in a logical sequence.

Power lift - Powerful three-point hitch with two external cylinders, elevated lifting capacity, cat. 1 - 1N, adjustable tie-rods.

Brakes - Drum service brakes (floating on the T4400F) acting on the rear wheels. Independent (opt. on the T4000) and simultaneous braking. 

Roll-bars - Front pull-down, featuring a low-profile design and integrated into the tractor chassis to allow manoeuvring in the tightest of spaces. Rear fixed, integrated into the multi-purpose number plate holder and distributor support panel.

Lighting assemblies - The new front headlights feature halogen bulbs giving off a brilliant, white, wide and deep beam.
Video Tigre
GUARANTEE
Find dealer
Insert your data and find the closest Antonio Carraro dealer.
City / Post code

U.K.
U.K.
Subscribe our newsletter
Keep up-to-date with the Tractor People world: products, events, promotions, gadgets and fresh news. Subscribe here.
Email
I have read and understood the Privacy Policy.
ANTONIO CARRARO SPA
Via Caltana, 24 -35011
Campodarsego (Padova) Italia
L 45.501772, L 11.908810
info@antoniocarraro.it
    
Home
About Us
History
CERTIFICATION
Model 231 & Whistleblowing
Code of Ethics
Factory visit
Products
Contact us
After-sales service
EXG MAXIMUM PROTECTION
PRIVATE AREA
RMI
Extended Guarantee
News
Press
Media
Privacy
COOKIE POLICY
Copyright © all rights reserved to Antonio Carraro 1/1/20130 - Tel. +39 049 9219921 - P.IVA 00186830287 - Credits
