
Antonio Carraro S.p.A
Company
 
Sustainability
 
Products
 
Dealers
 
Service
 
Contact us
Eshop

Eng
Eng
Features
VideoTECHNICAL DATABROCHUREDealer

MACH 4 TONY
Power
74,2
Engine
KUBOTA - 4 Cylinders - 16 Valves - TURBO Stage 5 - Common rail - 3769 cc
Transmission
hybrid mechanical-hydrostatic transmission
Weight (KG)
With Air cab (Kg):3300
MACH 4 TONY

MACH 4 TONY is a quadtrack with an articulated ACTIO™ chassis, reversible drive and an electronically controlled constant variable transmission with 4 speed ranges along with 3 acceleration modes for each range and 3 for each range in Automotive mode. The unique transmission, combined with the Rev-Guide System™, increase the vehicle’s versatility, offering it maximum operative efficiency with the possibility of being fitted with numerous pieces of specific equipment and therefore simplifying work procedures in tight spaces, on uneven ground and on steep slopes.  The articulated chassis and the narrow track render the MACH 4 TONY model especially agile whilst moving between rowed crops and when carrying out manoeuvres thanks to its wide steering angle.
DISCOVER MORE
Plus

ACTIO™ - Mach
Rev-Guide System
RGS™ MACH 4 R
Antonio Carraro | Front Protection | Bullbar
Bullbar - Mach
Antonio Carraro | Options | Ballast
Ballasts
MULTIFUNCTIONALITY: the articulated tracked vehicle
Mach 4 Tony is an universal vehicle suitable for working according to prearranged deadlines in specialised crops, vineyards, orchards or nurseries, on flat or sloping terrain, even in extreme ground conditions (slippery, muddy, flooded, sticky or snowy).
Its extraordinary agility and manoeuvrability in small spaces results from its configuration, featuring identical rubber tracks, and its articulated chassis. The reversible driving system makes it possible to change position and use, allowing a wide variety of towed and pushed equipment to be used.
GUARANTEE
Find dealer
Insert your data and find the closest Antonio Carraro dealer.
City / Post code

U.K.
U.K.
Subscribe our newsletter
Keep up-to-date with the Tractor People world: products, events, promotions, gadgets and fresh news. Subscribe here.
Email
I have read and understood the Privacy Policy.
ANTONIO CARRARO SPA
Via Caltana, 24 -35011
Campodarsego (Padova) Italia
L 45.501772, L 11.908810
info@antoniocarraro.it
    
Home
About Us
History
CERTIFICATION
Model 231 & Whistleblowing
Code of Ethics
Factory visit
Products
Contact us
After-sales service
EXG MAXIMUM PROTECTION
PRIVATE AREA
RMI
Extended Guarantee
News
Press
Media
Privacy
COOKIE POLICY
Copyright © all rights reserved to Antonio Carraro 1/1/20130 - Tel. +39 049 9219921 - P.IVA 00186830287 - Credits
