FeaturesTECHNICAL DATABROCHUREDealer
Hydrostatic steering tractor
TR 7600 Infinity
Power
75 HP
Engine
Kohler - Turbo STAGE 5 - 4 cyl - 16V - 2482 cc
Transmission
Infinity
Weight (KG)
2205÷2315 rollbar- 2365÷2475 cab
Capacity (KG)
2400
TR 7600 INFINITY - Steering hydrostatic tractor with reverse drive
The TR 7600 Infinity (75 hp Kohler engine) is a steering hydrostatic tractor with reversible driving position for specialized agriculture and maintenance of public green spaces; ideal also for working on hillsides. With its compact dimensions and isodiametric wheels, this tractor is right at home in confined spaces (vineyards, orchards, row crops), but is also perfect for earthmoving, road cleaning, mowing verges and embankments.
The Infinity's hydrostatic transmission offers all the desirable work speed ranges from 0 to 40 km/h, and allows you to work in these same speeds in both directions of travel. The reversing shuttle control (on the steering wheel) can be operated at any time. The gearbox has two mechanical ranges, each with 3 hydrostatic speeds, which can engaged on the move without loss of traction or power interruption, for smooth and agile operation at all times, whether shifting gear or dealing with sudden changes in gradient. Elimination of the use of the clutch proves particularly useful in tasks which call for frequent and rapid changes of direction, in slow, precision maneuvering, and whenever sudden acceleration is required. The functions for control of the torque delivered by the PTO and at the wheels help protect the power take-off and the engine, particularly in critical situations.

Available with the Starlight panoramic cab, which offers optimal visibility and comfort combined with the compact size necessary to work easily in confined spaces or between narrow rows on slopes.


INTELLIGENT HYDROSTATICS - The Infinity Series is comprised of three hydrostatic tractors with 75 hp Kohler engines, characterized by a high level of operational flexibility and featuring advanced technology and functions derived from high end AC models. The hybrid mechanical-hydrostatic transmission offers infinite work speeds and, by eliminating the use of the clutch, makes work significantly less stressful for the operator. All the useful functions of the Infinity are digitalized: the operator can select the optimum configuration for any task simply by pressing the pushbutton controls. The instrument panel is designed to make operation easy and intuitive, and, among other features, offers the possibility to choose between 4 different driving modes for tractor speed and engine rpm control, to suit operator requirements. 
Plus
Antonio Carraro | Plus | ACTIO
ACTIO™

RGS™
Antonio Carraro | steering tractors
Steering wheels

UNIFLEX® Suspension
Antonio Carraro | Plus | Grammer seat with pneumatic suspension
GRAMMER seat
Antonio Carraro | Warranty | Extension 3 4 years
EXG Extended Warranty
Antonio Carraro | Front Protection | Bullbar
Bullbar
Antonio Carraro | Radiator cleaning | Cleanfix
ACS - Auto-cleaning system

Superbrake
Antonio Carraro | Options | Froltlift
Front lift
Cabs
StarLight Cab
CLOSED CAB

StarLight is the Antonio Carraro closed cab assembled on Silent Block anti-vibrating device. It is equipped with front/rear windscreens, total-glass doors, double sunroof with sunscreens and portholes with view on wheels and devices, thanks to which it offers on-board brightness and total visibility.
The smooth design is functional to its performance through side-sloping rows or underfoliage. StarLight's compactness allows agility in the most narrow spaces with neither fruit nor flowers damage.
The soundproof clothing of the driver's station grants acoustic comfort.
The main controls are in ergonomical position.
The ventilation system  features a rapid front windscreen defogging system. he incoming air is cleaned by a large filter, with an available activated carbon filter. The air-conditioning is achieved by a powerful system running on ecological coolant, which also refreshes the cabin air using a low rev motor. The heating system utilizes a powerful heat exchanger which is most exceptional even in the coldest weather. The roof can be opened to lift the electric fans for quick maintenance intervention. StarLight offers also two rear and two front lights – all adjustable. Two adjustable rearview mirrors, foldable plate holder, glovebox, electrical setup and speakers for stereo system, are other details of the onboard comfort of Starlight. As every Antonio Carraro cab, Starlight is certified as anti-capsizing device.
EasyStar Cab
MULTI-PURPOSE MODULAR FRAME

EasyStar 6-post cab is a must-have device to protect the operator from sun, bad weather and dust.
Starting from the standard configuration (6-post frame and sunroof), one can add front and rear windscreens and the doors set.
Covered by Antonio Carraro warranty, EasyStar is safer than many untested, uncertified products at the same cost.
In addition to its unmatched quality, its design is pleasant and perfectly suitable to the chosen tractor.
Hydrostatic tractor suspension with electronic control
Uniflex

UNIFLEX® SUSPENSION
The UNIFLEX* suspension with electronic control allows for part of the weight of the equipment to be transferred to the tractor’s wheels. The reduction of specific ground pressure leads to numerous positive effects:
Lower compaction
Less resistance to pushing and pulling
Greater productivity
Lower fuel consumption
Greater grip
Greater stability
Damping
 
 The UNIFLEX suspension with coaxial cylinders maximises its efficiency thanks to a reduced number of friction points.  Its innovative concept allows the equipment to follow and adapt itself to the contours of the ground, keeping the ground pressure constant thus benefitting speed and work precision.