
Antonio Carraro S.p.A
Company
 
Sustainability
 
Products
 
Dealers
 
Service
 
Contact us
Eshop

Eng
Eng
Features
VideoDEPLIANTTECHNICAL DATADealer
TRG 8900 R
Power
54.6 kW / 74.2 hp - 2400 rpm
Engine
KUBOTA - 4 Cylinders - 16 Valves - TURBO Stage 5 - Common rail - 3769 CC
Transmission
32-speed synchronised gearbox: 16 forward + 16 reverse gears with synchronised shuttle
Weight (KG)
With roll bar (Kg): 2310 to 2410 | With Air cab (Kg): 2550 to 2620
Capacity (KG)
2600
One of a kind
A reversible, steering, one-of-a-kind tractor.  With larger rear wheels and more ground clearance, TRG is suitable for working on orchards and vineyards as well as for open-field activities – such as deep ploughing – towing, forestry or construction.  It draws together strength, stability, compactness and ground clearance better than any other tractor, and for that it has no equal on the market: a reversible, powerful, agile tractor for both agriculture or winter road maintenance.  A tractor to be used 365 days a year.


The R Series represents the top of the AC range for performance, technological content and on-board equipment, offering a host of useful functions as standard.  
Thanks to CAN-bus technology, which allows instantaneous dialogue between the tractor's various electronic control units with a minimum number of connections, the operator can enjoy the benefits of electronic engine control, with all the controls conveniently located on the instrument panel, including the work speed memories and acceleration ramps. All the models are equipped with the formidable 74.2 hp, 4-cylinder Kubota engine with electronic Common Rail injection. The slightly longer wheelbase ensures optimal distribution of the tractor's weight.
All the models in the range can be equipped on request with the new Air cab (except for the TGF 10900 R, which is fitted with the Protector 100 cab) affording advanced technology and comfort, with a spacious operator position, notwithstanding the extremely compact dimensions which allow easy maneuvering in tight spaces and between crops. The cab is pressurized and available also in a Category 4 certified version, which offers the operator total protection from inhalation of harmful dust, gas and vapors.

 
Discover More
Plus
Antonio Carraro | Plus | ACTIO
ACTIO™

RGS™
Antonio Carraro | steering tractors
Steering wheels
Damping system
DAMPING

ESC / CRUISE CONTROL (ERGIT R)

UNIFLEX® Suspension
Antonio Carraro | Plus | Grammer seat with pneumatic suspension
GRAMMER seat
Antonio Carraro | Warranty | Extension 3 4 years
EXG Extended Warranty
Antonio Carraro | Plus | Vertical tie-rod and hydraulic thirdpoint
Vertical tie-rod and hydraulic thirdpoint

JCM - Joystick Multicontroller - TONY
Antonio Carraro | Options | Froltlift
Front lift
Antonio Carraro | Optional | Air conditioner
Air conditioner

Antonio Carraro, the world's most beautiful tractor
Antonio Carraro, the world's most beautiful tractor - Introducing the top range of specialized, compact tractors for vineyards, orchards, haymaking. Designed to work on impossible grounds, on mountains and hills, on slopes and through mud. The safest, the most comfortable, the most beautiful.
WATCH THE MOVIE
Better.
 
Ergit R

Offers more.

JMC* - Joystick Multi Controller

Proportional
- Proportional control of the double effect hydraulic outlets;
- Control of lift and floater;
- Electric control and activation of continuous delivery;
- Potentiometer regulators of hydraulic flow;
- PTO on-off;
- Triple regulation of position;
- Uniflex suspension on-off*;
 
 

- Electronic safety system – Should the traction be disengaged, the re-engagement during acceleration is automatic, thus guaranteeing accurate, efficient braking;

- Reversible control tower – insulated and soundproofed, designed to increase space, comfort and quietness.  Suspended pedals.

- Damping – With the powerlift in action, it reduces oscillation caused by equipment – available as standard in combination with the mechanical draft control lift or the electronic draft control lift*.

- New PTO 540/540S: Ideal for working with a PTO at low revolutions (350/400 rpm) and high power requirement, for example with certain types of crop sprayers for specific uses;

- Much more in the same space – Despite having moved on to a more bulky Stage 3B engine, the bonnet dimensions and forward visibility have remained the same.  

*Optional
GUARANTEE
Find dealer
Insert your data and find the closest Antonio Carraro dealer.
City / Post code

U.K.
U.K.
Subscribe our newsletter
Keep up-to-date with the Tractor People world: products, events, promotions, gadgets and fresh news. Subscribe here.
Email
I have read and understood the Privacy Policy.
ANTONIO CARRARO SPA
Via Caltana, 24 -35011
Campodarsego (Padova) Italia
L 45.501772, L 11.908810
info@antoniocarraro.it
    
Home
About Us
History
CERTIFICATION
Model 231 & Whistleblowing
Code of Ethics
Factory visit
Products
Contact us
After-sales service
EXG MAXIMUM PROTECTION
PRIVATE AREA
RMI
Extended Guarantee
News
Press
Media
Privacy
COOKIE POLICY
Copyright © all rights reserved to Antonio Carraro 1/1/20130 - Tel. +39 049 9219921 - P.IVA 00186830287 - Credits
